As a part of this project,
you are given a document template that contains
the high-level steps you'll take as part of securing a typical computer system.
You should use the Virtual Windows 10 PC to answer
the questions and challenges listed in this project document.
You can see here the different steps you should
take in securing the sample Windows 10 PC.
For each step, you need to write your answers in this document template.
For example, when you're performing reconnaissance,
type in the hardware device name that you see on Joe's PC,
explain how you got your answers,
and also provide screenshots showing your work.
By the way, you don't get a document like this in real life,
it's often a report that you'll need to develop and
complete from scratch for each of your clients.
Let me show you quickly how to take a screenshot in Windows.
I use the Snipping Tool,
this is native with Windows 10 or you can use the new Snip & Sketch.
To create a screenshot,
click on new with the Snipping Tool,
it will then open a box where you can then highlight what you want to capture.
I'm just going to take some random text and you can see it on the screen.
At this point, I can use the copy function and copy it directly into documents.
I use Snipping Tool many times throughout the day.
It's important that you read through the entire document
before securing the system and completing your report.
Let me finish by giving you some tips and advice for this project.
This project is based on instruction you received throughout the course.
It takes you through the NIST Cybersecurity Framework,
the CIS controls, and the Hacker Lifecycle.
If you get stuck, go back to that section in the course and review the material.
It's important that you write each of the steps you
take and use screenshots to show your work.
You should keep in mind that there are numerous ways to
solve each of the challenges in the project.
You should use the method you're most comfortable with
rather than worrying about getting the right answers.
That's why it's important to show your work in your report.
Don't worry about getting all of the answers,
there are many security problems with this sample PC.
The intent is to give you a challenge based on what you've learned
throughout this course and what you'll see in real life.
Last, have fun with this.
Use this time to explore,
learn, and try new things.
Good luck and have fun with the project.